Update promotion.rst to explain mode promote (#11122)
ocaml/dune: doc/concepts/promotion.rst

> =====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Does not seem to be the case on the other files. Rst is supposed to take the top level title as the page title.

=====================
Diffing and Promotion
=====================

Dune writes its build output to a separate directory from your source code tree 

> (usually ``_build/<profile_name>``). You can use Diffing and Promotion flows 

Reviewer 2: It's not a profile but context. I wouldn't go into specifics beyond `_build` really.

to compare your build output with your source tree, and/or copy the result of 
rule output into your source tree to store the changes.

Diffing
=======

You can use the ``(diff <file1> <file2>)`` directive in a rule to compare

> the output of the rule with a copy in your source tree. It is useful when

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
its output with a copy in your source tree. It is useful when
```
Would this work to take out this one prepositional phrase? Reads a little smoother?

You can also use ``dune runtest --auto-promote``, which will
automatically do the promotion.

Automatically Promoting Rule Output Into the Source Tree
--------------------------------------------------------

Dune rules support a ``(mode promote)`` directive that will automatically

> copy their output into your source tree. This approach suits code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copy their output into your source tree. This approach suits, for example, code
```

You can also use ``dune runtest --auto-promote``, which will
automatically do the promotion.

Automatically Promoting Rule Output Into the Source Tree
--------------------------------------------------------

Dune rules support a ``(mode promote)`` directive that will automatically

> copy their output into your source tree. This is more suitable for code or

Reviewer 2: More suitable than what?

documentation generation flows where you want to check in the output to make
it easier to browse or to remove dependencies on the code generation step for 

> packaging in opam.

Reviewer 3: This last sentence is a little awkward. Does this say the same thing?

This approach suits code or documentation generation workflows where output needs to be checked to enable easier browsing or to eliminate dependencies on the code generation step during opam packaging.

If not, let’s work on it to clarify.
